Harmonize admontions in style guide (#499)
getsolus/help-center-docs: docs/user/contributing/style.md

| Type           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Note           | Additional guidance or advice that improves product configuration, performance, or supportability                                                                                                                                    |
| Tip            | Recommendations, suggestions, and alternative methods that might not be obvious. Tips are not essential to using the product.                                                                                                        |

> | Info           | General information about product that may be useful or relevant to user.           |                                                                                                 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Info           | General information about the topic at hand that may be useful or relevant to user.           |                                                                                                 
```

Author: Ok, will fix this tomorrow. Already winding down for today.

Reviewer: You mind If I commit it myself then?

Author: No, feel free to do so.
